upgrade package and config to use CORS (#21)
palantir/ontology-starter-react-app: README.md

1. Copy or make a fork of this repository (you can delete `.policy.yml`)
1. Run `npm install`
1. Create an application via the Foundry Developer Console with the configuration below. Once the application has been created, come back to these instructions.

>     1. Add `http://localhost:8080` to your CORS policy in Control Panel, see [Configure CORS](https://www.palantir.com/docs/foundry/administration/configure-cors/index.html) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Follow the instructions in [Configure CORS](https://www.palantir.com/docs/foundry/administration/configure-cors/index.html) to add  `http://localhost:8080` to your CORS policy in Control Panel.
```

>     2. Select client facing application (creates a public client) when asked what type of application you're building

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Select **client facing application** (creates a public client) when asked what type of application you're building. Creating a confidential client means you **cannot** login through the browser, and this cannot be changed after creating the app.
```

>     2. Select **client facing application** (creates a public client) when asked what type of application you're building. Creating a confidential client means you **cannot** login through the browser, and this cannot be changed after creating the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Select **Client facing application** (creates a public client) when asked what type of application you're building. Creating a confidential client means you **cannot** login through the browser, and this cannot be changed after creating the app.
```

    3. Add `http://localhost:8080/auth/callback` as a redirect URL when asked for one
    4. If you know where your application is getting deployed, you can add your production URL as well: `https://example.app.com/auth/callback`
1. Follow the instructions in the Foundry Developer Console to generate and then install your application's Ontology SDK via the application-specific NPM registry
1. Run `mv .env.development.sample .env.development` to start setting up your environment variables, and fill in the fields marked with `<>`

>     Note! You can find your Client ID in the Permissions & OAuth page or in the Getting started guid under the API documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Note: You can find your Client ID in the **Permissions & OAuth** page or in the **Getting started guide** inside your application's API documentation.
```

1. Update the following files with your Ontology SDK and Object types:
    1. Update [`src/utils/client.ts`](./src/utils/client.ts) with the correct package name

>     2. Update [`src/pages/home.tsx`](./src/pages/home.tsx) with the correct package name and Ontology Objects you want to use.

Reviewer: github automaticaly numbers these so we don't have to keep them up to date manually
```suggestion
    1. Update [`src/pages/home.tsx`](./src/pages/home.tsx) with the correct package name and Ontology Objects you want to use.
```

```bash
export NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS=/path/to/your/cert.pem
```

### I do not have permission to add `http://localhost:8080` to my CORS policy in control panel

If you do not have permission to do so and can't get Foundry Admin to approve it you can use the following setup:

1. Add `https://localhost:8080/auth/callback` as a redirect URL in the Permission & OAuth tab on the left menu.
1. Run `mv .env.development.sample .env.development` to start setting up your environment variables, and fill in the fields marked with `<>`
1. Add the following section to your `devServer: ` section in the webpack.config.js file, after `port: 8080,`

```javaScript
    server: useLocalhostInCORS ? "http" : "https",
    proxy: useLocalhostInCORS
        ? []
        : [
                {
                    // This proxies calls from the browser to the configured Foundry instance
                    target: process.env.API_PROXY_TARGET_URL,
                    context: ["/multipass/api/**", "/api/**"],
                    changeOrigin: true,
                    secure: true,
                },
            ],
```

> 4. Test your application by running `npm run dev` and visiting https://localhost:8080 (note HTTPS and not HTTP)

Reviewer: might be worth leaving a note saying that you'll get a this is unsafe error, and that is expected

Author: Done!

If you have access to the trusted custom CA certificates you can add them to Node.js by setting up your environment as follows:

```bash
export NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS=/path/to/your/cert.pem
```

### I do not have permission to add `http://localhost:8080` to my CORS policy in control panel

If you do not have permission to do so and can't get Foundry Admin to approve it you can use the following setup:

1. Add `https://localhost:8080/auth/callback` as a redirect URL in the Permission & OAuth tab on the left menu.
1. Run `mv .env.development.no-core.sample .env.development` to start setting up your environment variables, and fill in the fields marked with `<>`

> 1. Add the following section to your `devServer: ` section in the webpack.config.js file, after `port: 8080,`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the following section to your `devServer` section in the webpack.config.js file:
```
